Update PR template (#232)
microbiomedata/berkeley-schema-fy24: .github/pull_request_template.md

## _Soft_ Schema Freeze

The `nmdc-schema` and `berkeley-schema-fy24` schemas are under a soft freeze, which means changes **should not** be made that have any downstream implications. To ensure this, all PRs created during the freeze will be closely reviewed with **every** component of the NMDC system in mind.

## Reviewers

> To ensure no changes are made unexpectedly, PR creators will us this PR template to tag and notify all task coordinatos. Review should be specificlly requested from _all_ [Berkeley Schema Roll Out task coordinators](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XXN1YuaBuSkxPXeiLKm5YxYzXTamBPQrzzeLhlh7PWs/edit#heading=h.u52g8v319adh) that you know to be affected by this PR.

Reviewer: In this suggestion, I fixed some typos and changed "know" to "expect".

```suggestion
To ensure no changes are made unexpectedly, PR creators will use this PR template to tag and notify all task coordinators. Review should be specifically requested from _all_ [Berkeley Schema Roll Out task coordinators](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XXN1YuaBuSkxPXeiLKm5YxYzXTamBPQrzzeLhlh7PWs/edit#heading=h.u52g8v319adh) that you expect to be affected by this PR.
```

Author: Thanks!! I rely too heavily on autocorrect

We expect task coordinators to review PRs and provide feedback/approval within 1 week of when they are identified as reviewers. 

> PRs will **NOT** be merged until all task coordinators (or one of their delegates) have approved either officially as a review, in a metting, or via a comment. 

Reviewer: Here, I rephrased the second half of the sentence. If the original is preserved, I'd want to change `metting` → `meeting` (the version I'm suggesting doesn't include that word at all).

```suggestion
PRs will **NOT** be merged until all task coordinators (or their delegates) have approved it; either here on GitHub (via "`Review changes` > `Approve`" or an equivalent comment) or verbally.
```

Expedition, questions, and discussion can happen at any meeting.

Delays in review & merging should be addressed in meetings or with NMDC leadership.

> @mslarae13, @eecavanna,  @shreddd, @naglepuff, @aclum, @mbthornton-lbl, @corilo, @kheal, @SamuelPurvine, @sujaypatil96, @brynnz22 

Reviewer: I propose including the names of the "subsystems" that each person is the coordinator for; as a reminder to the person filling out the PR template.

Reviewer: For example:
- @eecavanna - Runtime and database migrations
- @shreddd - MongoDB database*
- ...

\* Like in the Gantt chart, I am OK with "MongoDB database" being listed as one of my areas of ownership (in which case, I would engage @shreddd as needed).

Author: I think I got the changes in. Anything else to add?

Reviewer: Thanks! I'll post a final suggestion in 15 minutes, which will change the formatting and also rephrase the line about me and @shreddd to emphasize that I will pull him in as needed; not by default).

## _Soft_ Schema Freeze

The `nmdc-schema` and `berkeley-schema-fy24` schemas are under a soft freeze, which means changes **should not** be made that have any downstream implications. To ensure this, all PRs created during the freeze will be closely reviewed with **every** component of the NMDC system in mind.

## Reviewers

To ensure no changes are made unexpectedly, PR creators will use this PR template to tag and notify all task coordinators. Review should be specifically requested from _all_ [Berkeley Schema Roll Out task coordinators](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XXN1YuaBuSkxPXeiLKm5YxYzXTamBPQrzzeLhlh7PWs/edit#heading=h.u52g8v319adh) that you expect to be affected by this PR.

We expect task coordinators to review PRs and provide feedback/approval within 1 week of when they are identified as reviewers. 

PRs will **NOT** be merged until all task coordinators (or their delegates) have approved it; either here on GitHub (via "`Review changes` > `Approve`" or an equivalent comment) or verbally.

Expedition, questions, and discussion can happen at any meeting.

Delays in review & merging should be addressed in meetings or with NMDC leadership.

> @mslarae13 - Metadata & Schema
> @eecavanna - Runtime & Migrations & MongoDB (also, @shreddd)
> @naglepuff - Postgres & Ingest
> @aclum - Data Portal
> @mbthornton-lbl - Workflows: MG & MT
> @corilo - Workflows: MetaB & NOM
> @kheal - Workflows: LipidO
> @SamuelPurvine - Workflows: MetaP
> @sujaypatil96 - ETL Code
> @brynnz22 - Notebooks
> 

Reviewer: Suggestion:
- Show as table, whose column names remind the reader what they're looking at
- Show components first, since I think that is what the reader will "search by"
- Clarify line about @eecavanna and @shreddd 

```suggestion
| If you expect the changes to<br>impact this component... | ...[request a review](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review)<br>from this person |
| -- | -- |
| Metadata<br>Schema | @mslarae13 |
| Runtime<br>Mongo database<br>Database migrations | @eecavanna,<br>who will pull in<br>@shreddd as needed |
| Postgres<br>Ingest | @naglepuff |
| Data Portal | @aclum |
| Workflows: MG & MT | @mbthornton-lbl |
| Workflows: MetaB & NOM | @corilo |
| Workflows: LipidO | @kheal |
| Workflows: MetaP | @SamuelPurvine |
| ETL code | @sujaypatil96 |
| Jupyter notebooks | @brynnz22 |
```

Here's what the resulting table would look like (minus the highlighting of my username):

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9fa3df2c-b30c-4aed-a891-cb4f4b0d67c0)
